so one and only despotic you bitch is a
little quick tip thing normally I
wouldn't do this but whatever because I
know I'm giving you guys information
that you should learn on your own or
what have you but this is like high
traffic areas and power positions that
are very that our end of it advantageous
to you and whenever I'm playing c-town I
was lazy so i only did two i have more
of them if you guys like them just let
me know and i'll upload some more so
once i get to this little building here
I usually throw a flash or stun just to
get in here to see what's going on in a
moment I realized that these guys are
here I literally try to hold this this
spot down this area requires you to be a
bit aggressive because there's so many
high places you can be flanked there's
so many areas that people can get to
this spot but if you kind of patrol it
like patroller a certain area you will
do well right and it's a very powerful
position because once you get here it's
very difficult for them and get you out
and you know you can put a claim or by
that door I found it to work well if you
angle the Claymore and they have to come
up those you know that stairs or
whatever that walkway and they're kind
of lazy so they don't want to come up
there Here I am admission and I really
haven't figured out how best to lock
this this area down but it is a powerful
powerful area once you get there you can
do some work could have de easily just
crossed the bridge and got there really
quickly make sure to destroy the truck
or put a claim or by the truck so it can
blow up and you can easily do some
glitching some like clipping there or
what have you so once you get to this
area you know what you want to do is to
make sure and you will get kills man
because this is it's a high-traffic area
once you get there you want to just keep
active this is an area where you have to
stay active there's some areas where you
don't have to be active you just have to
like lay and wait for them or lay in
wait but not to be as active as possible
but these two areas i showed you you
really have to be active you can't stay
in one spot because there's so many
rocks they can come to flank you or kill
you so just keep that in mind some areas
you know if you're patrolling a certain
area that that consider be a
powerful position it depends on how you
play it alright sometimes you might play
it aggressive and you don't need to
write like hard hat you shouldn't play
hard hat in an aggressive manner but
anyway it's the only despotic deuces
bitches